OSDOCS-14356-New: Added bond best practices info to networking docs (#93160)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-ovs-bonding.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * networking/advanced_networking/network-bonding-considerations.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="nw-ovs-bonding_{context}"]
= Open vSwitch (OVS) bonding

[role="_abstract"]
With an OVS bonding configuration, you create a single, logical interface by connecting each physical network interface controller (NIC) as a port to a specific bond. This single bond then handles all network traffic, effectively replacing the function of individual interfaces.

Consider the following architectural layout for OVS bridges that interact with OVS interfaces:

* A network interface uses a bridge Media Access Control (MAC) address for managing protocol-level traffic and other administrative tasks, such as IP address assignment.
* The physical MAC addresses of physical interfaces do not handle traffic.
* OVS handles all MAC address management at the OVS bridge level.

> This layout simplies bond interface management as bonds acts as data paths where centralized MAC address management happens at the OVS bridge level.

Reviewer: Typos? And maybe a comma? 
```suggestion
This layout simplifies bond interface management as bonds act as data paths, where centralized MAC address management happens at the OVS bridge level.
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * networking/advanced_networking/network-bonding-considerations.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="nw-ovs-bonding_{context}"]
= Open vSwitch (OVS) bonding

With an OVS bonding configuration on your network, each physical interface acts as a port and connects to a specific bond. A bond then connects to a virtual switch or an OVS bridge. This connection layout provides increased bandwidth and fault tolerance capabilities for traffic that runs on your network. 

Consider the following architectural layout for OVS bridges that interact with OVS interfaces:

* A network interface uses a bridge MAC address for managing protocol-level traffic and other administrative tasks, such as IP address assignment.

> * The physical MAC addresses of physical interfaces do not handle traffic.

Author: Thanks. "Clone" is not stated in the text.

* OVS handles all MAC address management at the OVS bridge level.

This layout simplies bond interface management as bonds acts as data paths where centralized MAC address managements happens at the OVS bridge level.

You can select the following OVS bonding modes for your network:

* `active-backup` mode provides link aggregation capabilities for your network, where one physical interface acts as the active port while other physical interfaces act as standby ports. This mode provides fault tolerance connections for your network.

> * `kernel-bonding` mode is a built-in Linux kernel function where link aggregation can exist among many Ethernet interfaces to create a single logical physical interface. This mode does not give the same level of customization as supported OVS mode, such as `balance-slb` mode.

Reviewer 2: Kernel bonding was the only supported bond method until we implemented SLB. I would say it's the default bond mode if you don't have specific requirements that depend on OVS bonds.
